index.md, before:

## Welcome to GitHub Pages

You can use the [editor on GitHub](https://github.com/ricktimmis/xbox-controller-init/edit/gh-pages/index.md) to maintain and preview the content for your website in Markdown files.

Whenever you commit to this repository, GitHub Pages will run [Jekyll](https://jekyllrb.com/) to rebuild the pages in your site, from the content in your Markdown files.

### Markdown

Markdown is a lightweight and easy-to-use syntax for styling your writing. It includes conventions for

```markdown
Syntax highlighted code block

# Header 1
## Header 2
### Header 3

- Bulleted
- List

1. Numbered
2. List

**Bold** and _Italic_ and `Code` text

[Link](url) and ![Image](src)
```

For more details see [Basic writing and formatting syntax](https://docs.github.com/en/github/writing-on-github/getting-started-with-writing-and-formatting-on-github/basic-writing-and-formatting-syntax).

### Jekyll Themes

Your Pages site will use the layout and styles from the Jekyll theme you have selected in your [repository settings](https://github.com/ricktimmis/xbox-controller-init/settings/pages). The name of this theme is saved in the Jekyll `_config.yml` configuration file.

### Support or Contact

Having trouble with Pages? Check out our [documentation](https://docs.github.com/categories/github-pages-basics/) or [contact support](https://support.github.com/contact) and we’ll help you sort it out.

Commit message:

Create a Project GitHub Page
Some background info

index.md, after:

## Xbox Controller Init
#### Xbox 360 and Xbox One Controller Utility for Linux

## Summary

Inspired from my struggle to get my 'wired' Xbox One S Pad to function on Ubuntu Linux. When plugged in, the controller
leds flash on/off continously. Despite that tools such as jstest-gtk see the device, non of the buttoms or axes deliver
any input.

Within steam there used to an 'identify' button within the Settings > Controller section but this was removed by an
update. The identify button would actuate the Controllers Haptics, and this would wake / intialise the controller and Voila!
everything would be working. But,alas no more..

In trying to get to the bottom of the issue, I came across fftest a command line utility which was able to drive the
contollers haptics, and also wake/initiliase it.

However, fftest is an interactive cli utility, and what I really wanted was something that could be wrapped in a startup
script, or fired by udev to enable hotplug wake/initliase when the controller was plugged in.

Allow me to introduce xbox-controller-init

Check out the [Repo](https://github.com/ricktimmis/xbox-controller-init) for the code and install instructions

### Get intouch

Please do reach out, open a PR, or an Issue or just to say hi if it solved an issue for you too.


### Some Common search keywords strings that folks search for when trying to fix this problem

I've included these so that hopefully others having this issue might find this solution.

* xboxdrv no controller found
* Xbox360 wired controller blinking, device detected but buttons not working
* Xbox One contoller linux
* Xbox One controller Ubuntu
* Ubuntu Linux Driver for the Xbox/ Xbox 360/ Xbox 360 Wireless/ Xbox One Controllers
* Steam on Linux will no longer recognize controller
* Steam on Linux Identify Controller
